# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: e.g "This dataset contains data about... we seek to predict..."**
###Problem statement

This dataset contains data about marketing campaigns

Input variables:

age: (numeric)
job: type of job (categorical)
marital: marital status (categorical)
education: (categorical)
default: has credit in default? (categorical)
housing: has housing loan? (categorical: 'no','yes','unknown')
loan: has personal loan? (categorical)
contact: contact communication type (categorical)
month: last contact month of year (categorical)
day_of_week: last contact day of the week (categorical)
duration: last contact duration, in seconds (numeric)
campaign: number of contacts performed during this campaign and for this client (numeric)
pdays: number of days that passed by after the client was last contacted from a previous campaign (numeric)
previous: number of contacts performed before this campaign and for this client (numeric)
poutcome: outcome of the previous marketing campaign (categorical)
emp.var.rate: employment variation rate - quarterly indicator (numeric)
cons.price.idx: consumer price index - monthly indicator (numeric)
cons.conf.idx: consumer confidence index - monthly indicator (numeric)
euribor3m: euribor 3 month rate - daily indicator (numeric)
nr.employed: number of employees - quarterly indicator (numeric)

Output variable (desired target):

y - has the client subscribed a term deposit? (binary: 'yes','no')

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**



## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**
### Pipeline architecture


**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**
AutoML best : best_score : 0.9180576631259484
Scikit best : Accuracy: 0.9150227617602428
## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
